The goal of this project is to find the type of grapes used to make the respective wine using machine learning model.This project
used RandomForest Classifier machine learning model to predict the variety. The basic input for prediction is the reviews of 
customer about the respective wine[review_description column of data] from an online wine selling platform. The description was 
filtered firstly by removing stop words from it and then converted it into a multi-dimensional vector using 
Term Frequency-Inverse Density Frequency(TF-IDF) vectorization method. The varieties(The type of grapes used to make wine) were 
also processed using Label Encoding. Then, we have split the data into train and test set(90% train set,10% test set), the train 
set is used to train the classification model and the test set is used to validate the trained model. Random Forest Classifier 
model is firstly trained and validated and later used to predict the varieties of some other unkonwn wines. The data has been 
attached in this repository and you can download and use them. The 'winetrain.csv' is the data set used to train and 
test performance of the created model and 'winetest.csv' is the data for which we have to find the variety of grapes used to make 
wine and the result of this data set is kept in 'resultdoc.csv'. The created model has outperformed with an accuracy of 95% .
There are some neccessary libraries which are to be pre-installed before executing this code.
For the installation follow the following steps:-
Copy the below written codes to IDLE or jupyter notebook or spyder or pycharm or any other python development environment.
#BEGIN OF CODE
pip install numpy
pip install pandas
pip istall matplotlib
pip install seaborn
pip install sklearn
pip install nltk
import nltk
nltk.download('popular')
#END OF CODE
Note:- The code has been attached in this repository. If you are using jupyter notebook you can use .ipynb extension file of code
else you can use .py extension file. The file name of code is 'WINE-TYPE-PREDICTION'.
